if game.PlaceId ==  4601350214 then


local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
   if x then return end
   if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.One then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/KrakenScripting.Teleport-Ember-Village/main/Ember%20Arena%20Teleport",true))();
end
end)                --Arena Teleport
   


   local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")              --replace "One" from Enum.KeyCode." with yout keybind if you want to change it
    uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
       if x then return end
       if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.Two then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/BigWaterPVP/main/KrakenGuy",true))();
   end
   end)                                        --BigWaterPVP Teleport
                     


   local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
    uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
       if x then return end
       if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.Three then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/BankaiAkuma/main/KrakenGuy",true))();
   end
   end)                                                   --BankaiAkuma Boss Drop Teleport
  
   

   local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
   uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
      if x then return end
      if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.Four then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/RaionAkuma/main/BossDrop%20Teleport",true))();
  end
  end)                                                --RaionAkuma Boss Drop Teleport         
 


  local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
   uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
      if x then return end
      if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.Five then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/PTS-Raion/main/Boss%20Drop%20Teleport",true))();
  end
  end)                                                --PTS Raion Boss Drop Teleport
                                                         

                                                                                        --replace "Six" from Enum.KeyCode." with yout keybind if you want to change it
  local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
  uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
     if x then return end
     if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.Six then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/Dio-Senko/main/Boss%20Drop%20Teleport",true))();
 end
 end)                                                  --Dio Senko Boss Drop Teleport



 local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
 uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
    if x then return end
    if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.Seven then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/ForgedAkuma/main/Boss%20Drop%20Teleport",true))();
end
end)                                                 --Forged Akuma Boss Drop


local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
   if x then return end
   if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.Eight then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/Sarachia-Akuma/main/Boss%20Drop%20Teleport",true))();
end
end)                                                --Sarachia Akuma Boss Drop


local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
   if x then return end
   if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.Nine then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/Satori-Akuma/main/Boss%20Drop%20Teleport",true))();
end
end)                                                       --Satori Akuma Boss Drop


local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
   if x then return end
   if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.Zero then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/KageMansion/main/Teleport",true))();
end
end)                                                   --Interior of Kage Mansion (where you do rankup)

                                                                                                  --replace "KeypadOne" from Enum.KeyCode." with yout keybind if you want to change it
local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
   if x then return end
   if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.Minus then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/Log-Farm/main/Teleport",true))();
end
end)--Log Farm Teleport

end


 --======================================================================================================================================================================================


if game.PlaceId == 4601350656 then
    
    
 local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
   if x then return end
   if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.One then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/Log-Farm/main/Teleport",true))();
end
end)  --Log Farm Teleport Nimbus Village


local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
   if x then return end
   if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.Two then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/Nimbus-Village/main/Arena%20Teleport",true))();
end
end)                                                   --Arena Teleport Nimbus Village


local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
   if x then return end
   if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.Three then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/NimbusVillage/main/Ashen%20Storm%20BOSS",true))();
end
end)                                          --Ashen Storm BOSS Teleport Nimbus Village


local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
   if x then return end
   if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.Minus then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/Nimbus-Village2/main/Xeno%20Dokei",true))();
end
end)                                                --Xeno Dokei BOSS Teleport Nimbus Village   


local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
   if x then return end
   if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.Minus then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/Nimbus-Village3/main/Odin%20Saberu%20Boss",true))();
end
end)                                                --Odin Saberu BOSS Teleport Nimbus Village    


local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
   if x then return end
   if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.Minus then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/Nimbus-Village-4/main/Giovanni%20Shizen",true))();
end
end)                                                  --Giovanni Shizen BOSS Teleport Nimbus Village     


local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
   if x then return end
   if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.Minus then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/Nimbus-Village-5/main/GingerBread%20Chad",true))();
end
end)                                                     --GingerBread Chad BOSS Teleport Nimbus Village

end


 --======================================================================================================================================================================================


if game.PlaceId == 4601350809 then



local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
   if x then return end
   if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.Minus then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/Jiso-Seishin/main/Obelisk%20Village",true))();
end
end)                                                        --Jiso Seishin BOSS Teleport Obelisk Village  


local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
   if x then return end
   if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.Minus then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/Satoru-Okami/main/Obelisk%20Village",true))();
end
end)                                                          --Satoru Okami BOSS Teleport Obelisk Village  


local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
   if x then return end
   if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.Minus then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/Light-Jokei/main/Obelisk%20Village",true))();
end
end)                                                            --Light Jokei BOSS Teleport Obelisk Village


local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
   if x then return end
   if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.Minus then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/Kabu-Cobra/main/Obelisk%20Village",true))();
end
end)                                                       --Kabu Cobra BOSS Teleport Obelisk Village 


local uis = game:GetService("UserInputService")
uis.InputBegan:Connect(function(input, x)
   if x then return end
   if input.KeyCode == Enum.KeyCode.Minus then
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrakenScripting/Arahaki-Jokei/main/Obelisk%20Village",true))();
end
end)                                                      --Arahaki Jokei BOSS Teleport Obelisk Village  

end


 --======================================================================================================================================================================================
 
 
 
 
